SameSite cookie changes (#125)
xsleaks/wiki: content/docs/defenses/opt-in/same-site-cookies.md

* `Strict` – Causes the browser to not include cookies in any cross-site requests. This means `<script src="example.com/resource">`, `<img src="example.com/resource">`, `fetch()`, and `XHR` will all make requests without the SameSite `Strict` cookies attached. Even if the user clicks on a link to `example.com/resource`, their cookies are not included.

{{< hint info >}}
One way to work around this would be to redirect using a same-site html meta tag,
Like `<meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;/" />`.
Then unlike when using the `Location` header the initiator will be changed to same-origin.
The redirect should be to a page safe from timing attacks or the redirector should set a `cross-origin-opener-policy` header.

> {{< /hint >}}

Reviewer: I think that hint box is unnecessary. There are probably more ways to deploy the Strict cookies, and this article is focused on explaining the mechanics rather than propose deployment strategies. I would drop this hint altogether.

Author: removed.

* `Lax` – The only difference between `Lax` and `Strict` is that `Lax` mode allows cookies to be added to requests triggered by cross-site top-level navigations. This makes `Lax` cookies much easier to deploy since they won't break incoming links to your application. Unfortunately, an attacker can trigger a top-level navigation via `window.open` that allows the attacker to maintain a reference to the `window` object.

## Considerations

`Strict` cookies provide the strongest security guarantees like preventing window timing attacks and redirect detection that are initiated cross-site, but it can be very difficult to deploy `Strict` same-site cookies in an existing application.
It also does not affect document.cookie in windows opened cross-site.

> 

Reviewer: This looks less clear to me than the original sentence. I also don't think that adding info about document.cookie has any implications. If so, it lacks the context why it's being mentioned. I personally would drop it, it's kind of obvious from the cookies specification that they will be accessible via document.cookie

SameSite cookies are neither bulletproof [^2] nor can they fix everything. To complement this defense strategy against XS-Leaks, applications should consider implementing other, additional protections. For example, [COOP]({{< ref "coop.md" >}}) can prevent an attacker from controlling pages using a `window` reference after the first navigation even if SameSite cookies in `Lax` mode are used.

> Chrome/Chromium will make an exception for cookies set without a SameSite attribute less than 2 minutes ago.
> And some browers may not use the default of Lax, So its better to always explicitly set the SameSite attrbute. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< hint warning >}}
By default, cookies in Chrome without `SameSite` attribute will default to `Lax` mode. However, there is an exception for that behavior for cookies set less than 2 minutes ago that are sent via POST requests
{{< /hint >}}
```

Also link to https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5088147346030592 somewhere.

Author: Firefox when set with document.cookie does not set Lax currently so removing that "explicitly set" comment seems wrong.
Also not sure if this exception is apart of Chromium so I dont want to exclude unless you know otherwise.
